hello all welcome one more day to me
good channel because today I bring you a video
in which I 'll show you my last
Shopping for clothes is worth it as well as I'm not going
to teach I have not bought much
lately but bought in two stores
and it's in primark and there in white very
girls, I do not know if you'll see me that well
but with this distance that what is
enough to teach you more
with more breadth of the garments that you
I will teach in primar over everything
I bought basic are very good
I recommend that if you do not have a fund of
shirts in the closet that you go because
for the price it 's so great and I
I bought several for the job, I'm also
pretty fond of shirts like that
how good I am going to teach you
I bought this white shirt
this cost me five euros or it's like
You see, it 's a piece of clothing that we're going to need
at any time and for five euros
that I think we 're not going to be in the
closet is worth what I like about this
shirt is the cut you have in the
neck does a pretty nice cut not
it does good a little bit of cleavage
but it does not open much and I already tell you I already
I've put a couple of times and to be of
prima has not been broken or anything and I'm telling you
for five euros I think if it broke
in three times you do not know either
it hurts a lot when it's something of a premium
to continue I took this one that wants a
fuchsia pink is the same cut as the
white shirt that I just showed you and
it also cost me five euros worth this
I'm using it a lot with a suit
like the contrast of pink with a suit
black black jacket and I tell ya
It also cost five euros and that is
great has a cut that reaches more or
less
a little more below the waist
it's not very long of very short to
continue of the shirt type shirts
basic I bought this is also
still has the price has not
premiered cost six euros a little
more expensive and is that the ones that came with
some kind of stamping either t- shirts
tables and others that they were a
little bit more expensive this is also
three-quarter sleeve is open here not
It has buttons and well this is like me
I say a little cashier's pocket
supermarket but I do not know I like I think
that is not an excessively short stripe and
nor is it too thin a line
you can often get dizzy when
Stripes are very very thin if they are very
together they can vary and I do not know I think
favors a lot this shirt me when
having tried I told them wow but without
But I do not like to take it with
suit because that combined with a
suit yes that can give the feeling a
little of
Homemade or saleswoman be what comes
being the uniform work uniform and
then this type of shirt that is no longer
basic is a pretty long shirt is
great to wear with some leggings and
comes with this belt is worth the other
shirt I bought two I can not
teach because the use for the
day if it is in the washing machine or drying and
is a little bit darker than this one
here but it's basically the same color
wearing a black belt is very
pretty has the sleeves also like this
two rooms but it 's so it takes a
button to close it looks very nice
the belt is very beautiful if you see
you know
he is here
the buckle to put the belt is
below the chest and the truth is that
it is very beautiful you have to be careful
of not tightening the belt so much that
not the shirt wrinkled but by the
rest the precious shirt and then for
finish with premium I bought good the
well-known sneakers
these are the bad thing they have is that
quite a difference in the wedge of what
is the sport part has the template
quite what is the sole quite
fine and good are the aie in a color
more brown as the belt is a
brown so by the way the shirt 11 euros
this type of shirt
and there are black ones in black very well
in Italy that I would have liked also
carry bad but good in the end I caught
you who saw them much more wearable
that the other brown and it cost me 20
euros and now yes to finish with premium
that I was forgetting I bought myself
this little dress that good as you see is
A) Yes
as well as lace and it's pretty
quite short arrives just below
of the booty I think it's a dress
pretty smart what is the part of the
chest down
that 's what I can teach you see there's a
moment when it ceases to be transparent
He has a porrito so he does not
transparent nothing that is not
transparent and the price was 19
euros this and the two ni kers was the most
Of course I bought and already to finish
with the hall of clothes
today in white that I have already told you
beginning of the video had 40% of
discount and I've taken this coat that
It's beautiful I've tried it I said
in love is very beautiful has here about
little buttons and tie the waist with a
belt cited so vaquita type is very
elegant and warm enough to see the
price was
from 49 euros
49 99
they've taken away twenty euros from me so
great I have stayed for 29 euros 29
with 94 black stockings that were
seven euros and they have removed me I think
It was two euros
280 euros and I'll tell you what they are and then
it has gone like that a hole a bit the roll of
daring and I've taken this dress that
I'm going to teach you
I have not seen it and I loved it
Enchanted is uncommon is a dress
fine cowboy
and well, my idea is to put here a
belt cited comes a little bit by
above the knee is not very long and
what I like is that he has these
pinchitos in the shoulder pads that are worn
so much this year and we've put myself
I've seen very cool you can take with
a carefree boot or with the same ones
sneakers guys and the price is
35 99 and I have deducted 14 euros
because I already tell you that the clothes already
They have 20% discount then no
you apply the 40 so it's worth of clothes if
I'm not mistaken, this is all I have
bought I hope you liked it
try uploading this quick video about
all for the issue of discounts of
white and you find the discount what
I'll upload to the blog so it's so good
I hope you liked girls and we
we see the next video